# ABSTRACT
TEE (Trusted Execution Environment) guarantees that the confidentiality and the integrity of the code and data loaded into it are protected. The essence of the blockchain is a data structure, and the information stored in the blockchain has the characteristics of unforgeability, traceability and transparency. This paper presents a design of a computing platform. The platform which uses popular encryption methods such as RSA and AES, and integrates with TEE and blockchain technology, can protect the privacy of users throughout the process.

In the design of this platform, cryptographic techniques such as encryption methods will be applied to the information transmission process between the user and the server, in order to ensure the confidentiality of the information transmission. Computing tasks will be executed in the TEE to ensure the confidentiality of computing. The encrypted computing results and running information are stored on the blockchain to ensure the immutability, confidentiality and anonymity of the computing results.

Moreover, the process of deployment and operation of this platform is very simple. Any individual who wants to provide computing services to others can easily deploy and run the platform on the server. In addition, the process that users use this platform to perform computing tasks is also very simple. The user experience of currently popular cloud computing platforms, is equivalent to operating an operating system with the command line. On the platform introduced in this paper, users only need to upload their code files to use the server's computing power to perform computing tasks.

**Keywords**: TEE (Trusted Execution Environment), Blockchain, Privacy Preserving, Service Computing, Computing Platform, Codes Running Platform
